Now let us see the implementation.
So our logic is to keep two indexing variables
One for word start and one to traverse the string
So in the function, declare wstart initialised to 0 and i.
now find the length of the string and store it in len.
So the length 20 will be stored in
variable len.
Now we have to identify the end of first word.
For that, we can start i from zero and move
it to the next character continuously till we reach a
white space.
Then reverse it.
Then find the next word in same manner and reverse it
and do this till we reach the end or len
So use a for loop to traverse the string
So write for i equal to zero,  i less than len, i++.
Now in each iteration, check if we
have reached a white space.
If so, it means we have reached the end of
a word.
So we have to reverse it. So write
If str[i] equal to white space, then reverse it. So we got
reverse function by passing the string str, the start index
wstart and the end index of the word i-1
So it will be reversed. Now wstart
should point to the start of next word and see
i is now pointing to the white space
So next word starting will be i+1
So in the next iteration, next word "is" is identified
and reversed. Similarly the third word "and" is identified and
reversed and in the next iteration wstart is pointing
to a. And then i is moved forward. And there is
no white space and also i will reach the end
So the condition i less than len, will fail and control
will come out of the for loop.
So this is the case of the last word of
a string.
So we have to reverse it too
So after the for loop code, we have to call
reverse again with str, start index wstart and
end index len-1.
Now all the words are reversed and we can print it.